hi again it's Terry here I'm sorry it's
been so long since I posted a video but
I finally decided to do questions and
answering one I'll be covering so the
questions that some people have sent me
on YouTube on Facebook Tumblr things
like that I'll also cover some questions
that have just asked quite frequently
things like meetups and conventions I'm
sorry I sounded a bit stupid today I'm
dying of heat fever so there's a good
task to deal with the stupid voice sorry
how long have you been into Louisa I
think I'd be wearing Lolita for about
five six years now I started when I was
about 17 that's when I got my first
dress but I don't count that first year
because the dress was from eBay it
wasn't particularly nice and I didn't
dress particularly well
so I coated it from when I was eating so
about six years I guess and I started
off as a sweet Lolita very pink
I was head-to-toe dress and angelic
pretty but after a few years I evolved
into the exact opposite I wore gothic
and now I currently dress in classic and
country Lolita these two are definitely
my favorites and I wish that I had found
those Styles at the very beginning you
wear a lot of dresses I don't recognize
where did he come from a most of my
dresses they come from Taobao I like a
lot of metamorphose a classic pieces
some of their older pieces this one is
my metamorphosis as well and I like
Alice and the Pirates things but I think
those summer dresses are innocent world
metamorphosis or tie berry brands how
old are you if you see my previous video
and I said in that video I'm 24 years
old by and I do frequently get asked do
you feel like you're too old for Lolita
and I really like to think that I'm not
her always a community anyway has people
very from 30 years old
30-odd I don't think like personally for
me anyway just personal opinion I don't
think you can be too old to wear
something that you love so although I do
few old at the age of 24 I don't think
that I'm too old for a Lolita and at the
same point I don't think you can be too
young for a Lisa either a it is just
about weary what makes you happy so no I
don't think I'm too old for a liter do
you have a Lolita best friend oh that's
quite a hard question I don't have a
little best friend in the way that a lot
of girls like to imagine that the two of
you came to twit you swap clothes things
like that I don't I do have a classic
Lolita best friend her name is Kaitlin
but we're both our Styles although we
both dress in classic Luiza our styles
are both very different and we are quite
like-minded though so yes and though she
is a best friend I wouldn't call her a
Lolita best friend you mentioned the
shop tae-bo how do you order from them
yes I have I've mentioned the brand
turbo quite a few times and it's almost
like the Chinese equivalent to e be kind
of and there are a lot of independent
Chinese police have brands on there and
I use a shopping service called a turbo
spree I have a blog separately a little
logs calm and I'm going to write up a
post there on how to order from tow a
tow mouse free because that's a question
I frequently get asked by people of
especially younger girls who are a bit
nervous about using shopping services so
I will get that one written DUP I
promise I don't even saying it for a
month I promise I will in your pictures
you always seem to be going out for tea
and cake do you have a job yep I do have
a job and I work
in Keith right but unfortunately there
aren't any pretty pictures I could take
of catering so whatever I'm not working
I take pictures of tea and cake which is
why it looks like that's all I ever do
do you have a boyfriend and what does he
think of Lolita yep I do have a
boyfriend that's another question that
I'm frequently asked and we've been
together for coming up for seven years
day and he is very supportive to me
where you Lisa is a big thing anymore
because I do marry every day other than
when I'm working so to him and to me it
is just clothing so yeah I'd say he's
supported how do you get your face so
pale
this is a question I asked frequently by
a lot of especially Scottish Levitas I
am actually very pale as are a lot of
girls here in Scotland because we get so
little sunshine but the foundations I
wear I find it very hard to find
foundation that matches my skin tone the
lightest I find has been St Lauder and
it's fair Double Wear shell version and
a friend recently brought me back
foundation from Poland I'm not sure how
to pronounce it so I'll just type on
screen instead but this one here it's
just a loose powder and I just apply my
powders with a bronzer brush because I
find that if I use the pads it just
cakes out of it too much whereas this is
a pure white mineral powder the stuff is
fantastic it lasts really well
I use that if you've seen my Alisa
transformation video I apply this as
well it's just a collection mm pressed
powder it's they won big to date but
it's fantastic as well it's very cheap
it lasts a long time and I use number 18
ivory and it's the palest powder
foundation I found in the UK anyway
where do you buy your eyelashes from my
false eyelashes I actually buy from
either bits or supertruck the ones I
wear are number 120 Pilar and they're
reusable and I don't recommend buy
eyelashes from places like eBay you
could also get a good deal it's almost
like a hundred eyelashes for maintain
pets including postage although it's a
great deal unfortunately the lash band
that they're attached to is it very
flexible is pretty stiff they're not
particularly comfortable to wear and
they also pop off at the edges so I
recommend either dolly wink lashes or if
you want to shop within the UK just buy
either
that's everything guys just a quick
video today I will be doing and other
questions and answers with you at a
later stage so if you have any questions
or anything like I've not already
covered just leave me a comment or send
me a message thanks very much I'll see
you guys soon